alex from the relief program for all moka clubs
of the University represents the culture and art in its
perfect
were announced the 54 winning projects of the fourth edition of sportv
the program received more than 600 entries from 25 states
plus the federal district
norberto all
of the nine states that had at least one approved project
totaling 18 initiatives on the track
each of the winners will be the co-production contract worth 110 thousand
to carry out all the comments
the list of winners of other information
you check in
www with procultura
strong point
the registration period was extended
for the 22nd national festival of theater images and 5 minutes
the festival will be split held in any systematic free format
with a maximum duration of five minutes
interested parties can register until the next day 27
the festival takes place from 10 to 15 November in salvador
inscriptions and other information on the sites www point of meek blessed point
point to 9 power
doors when talking about sculptures made with fruit because this modality of air
graffiti have people who are very used in restorers
the pressure for the good presentation fraternity
the adversary was to know not only the periphery the work of an artist who
the athletes
as a base for sculptures
roberto lima found however he slept fruits
a different way of making art
his experience as a saladero has developed his creativity and
facility to sculpt each piece
open since when you do art work with fruits and vegetables
our song
this month of January and now this businessman from são paulo around here
and now the development, ensuring that we identify
idea of ​​you we work
We are very much in the
an art is enough of the parents' fashion in the region here in Brazil is little
disclosed plus the work is mediatrix and there u
was that I started to do is act with the ace now etar
deploying here and being armed
being pioneer that in great meadow but the fruits and vegetables that to be
expropriated professor sar
the public also as
no no and it was not the hand
cute date parade the project works with orders
party leader
day-to-day and regional and local culture the inspiration for
do the sculptures
I wear
the use of the scorer tic a large and a small one fake number
two are state of s
of room of the norm the small
simple sculptures and
and she 21 minutes now I have more but it is so serious that it take up to two three
hours the offer work the proof
the limit of speaking
what one can find beauties the most common things of our day to day
speculation
edu bedia dantas festive commemorative on Thursday promised a saint joão do
world I was in São João do São João already made of a christ
Already the fiesp
everything you can imagine from two girlfriends not all
sar face pictures
she works here on lymphoma - one of the mall whately
when it was released when the result does not come
after the break came
the backstage of the project presentation
made different is something common
stay tuned
in the repertoire